WRR-4591: Fix `VideoPlayer` to show only the mini feedback when pressing play/pause key (#1704)
enactjs/sandstone: CHANGELOG.md

The following is a curated list of changes in the Enact sandstone module, newest changes on the top.

## [unreleased]

### Fixed

> - `sandstone/VideoPlayer` to show only the mini feedback using play/pause key

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `sandstone/VideoPlayer` to show only the mini feedback when pressing play/pause key
```
